Fix Python Display.imageNew and improve documentation (#2443)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/display.md

The display image is shown by default on top of the 3D window with a cyan border, see [this figure](#display-overlay-image).
The user can move this display image at the desired position using the mouse drag and drop and resize it by clicking on the icon at the bottom right corner.
Additionally a close button is available on the top right corner to hide the image.

> If the mouse cursor is over the overlay image and the simulation is paused, the RGBA value of the selected pixel is displayed in the status bar at the Webots window bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the mouse cursor is over the overlay image and the simulation is paused, the RGBA value of the selected pixel is displayed in the status bar at the bottom of the Webots window.
```

After this call the value of `ir` becomes invalid and should not be used any more.
Using this function is recommended after a clipboard image is not needed any more.

The following controller snippet shows how to copy a [Camera](camera.md) image to the main display image.
This is particularly useful if you need to process the [Camera](camera.md) image before copying it to the main display image, otherwise please use the [`wb_display_attach_camera`](#wb_display_attach_camera) function that provides better performance.

%tab-component "language"
%tab "C"
```c
#include <webots/robot.h>
#include <webots/camera.h>
#include <webots/display.h>

int main() {
  wb_robot_init();

  int time_step = wb_robot_get_basic_time_step();
  WbDeviceTag camera = wb_robot_get_device("camera");
  wb_camera_enable(camera, time_step);
  const int width = wb_camera_get_width(camera);
  const int height = wb_camera_get_height(camera);
  WbDeviceTag display = wb_robot_get_device("display");

  while(wb_robot_step(time_step) != -1) {
    const unsigned char *data = wb_camera_get_image(camera);
    if (data) {

>       WbImageRef ir = wb_display_image_new(display, width, height, data, WB_IMAGE_ARGB);

Author: The `wb_camera_get_image` returns data in BGRA format.
But to work correctly I have to set the `wb_display_image_new` format to ARGB.
This doesn't seem very intuitive for users.

Author: The inversion comes from this line:
https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/fb5cd3df739e4773aa677d9445eebd2ab849493f/src/Controller/api/display.c#L751

For `wb_camera_get_image` input data in BGRA format the image pixel uint32_t is `0xbbggrraa`.
But it seems that internally it is stored in little-endian because accessing the image bytes you get inversed values and inversed bytes are sent to Webots ([here](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/src/Controller/api/request.c#L113-L118)).
```
printf("pixel %02x %02x %02x %02x\n", ((unsigned char *)(i->image))[0], ((unsigned char *)(i->image))[1], ((unsigned char *)(i->image))[2], ((unsigned char *)(i->image))[3]);
# result for pixel data B=152(0x98) G=109(0x6d) R=90(0x5a) A=255(0xff)
# "pixel ff 5a 6d 98"
```

I fixed it locally and run the test suite and everything was working correctly.
But I would fix this on the `develop` branch to prevent issues with user controllers.

After this call the value of `ir` becomes invalid and should not be used any more.
Using this function is recommended after a clipboard image is not needed any more.

The following controller snippet shows how to copy a [Camera](camera.md) image to the main display image.

> This is particularly useful if you need to process the [Camera](camera.md) image before copying it to the main display image, otherwise please use the [`wb_display_attach_camera`](#wb_display_attach_camera) function that provides better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful if you need to modify the [Camera](camera.md) image before copying it to the main display image, otherwise you should use the [`wb_display_attach_camera`](#wb_display_attach_camera) function that provides a better performance.
```

%tab-component "language"
%tab "C"
```c
#include <webots/robot.h>
#include <webots/camera.h>
#include <webots/display.h>

int main() {
  wb_robot_init();

>   int time_step = wb_robot_get_basic_time_step();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const int time_step = wb_robot_get_basic_time_step();
```

  WbDeviceTag camera = wb_robot_get_device("camera");
  wb_camera_enable(camera, time_step);
  const int width = wb_camera_get_width(camera);
  const int height = wb_camera_get_height(camera);
  WbDeviceTag display = wb_robot_get_device("display");

  while(wb_robot_step(time_step) != -1) {
    const unsigned char *data = wb_camera_get_image(camera);
    if (data) {
      WbImageRef ir = wb_display_image_new(display, width, height, data, WB_IMAGE_ARGB);
      wb_display_image_paste(display, ir, 0, 0, false);
      wb_display_image_delete(display, ir);
    }
  }

  wb_robot_cleanup();
  return 0;
}
```
%tab-end

%tab "C++"
```cpp
#include <webots/Robot.hpp>
#include <webots/Camera.hpp>
#include <webots/Display.hpp>

using namespace webots;

int main() {
  Robot *robot = new Robot();

>   int timeStep = robot->getBasicTimeStep();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const int timeStep = robot->getBasicTimeStep();
```
